README.md, before:

# 🌾Smart-Agri-Suite - Final Year Research Project<br/>

This cross-platform mobile application empowers farmers with intelligent, real-time insights to support smarter agricultural decision-making. Designed with usability, localization, and offline capability in mind, the app delivers:<br/>

📈 Live Crop Price Tracking – Stay updated with dynamic market prices.<br/>
🔮 Demand Forecasting – Anticipate crop demand trends using predictive analytics.<br/>
🗣️ Customer Voice Intention Analysis – Enhance negotiation outcomes during land sales calls through voice-based sentiment prediction.<br/>
🌦️ Climate-Resilient Trade Recommendations – Receive tailored suggestions for sustainable and profitable trade strategies.<br/>
🛰️ Idle Land Detection - Detect idle lands/manual listing of lands and lease lands for a better income for residences 

<br/>Built as part of our final year research initiative, Smart Agri-Suite aims to bridge the gap between data science and rural accessibility—bringing powerful tools to the hands of farmers through an intuitive interface.

start backend:
uvicorn main:app --reload --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000

start frontend:
npx expo start -c

Commit message:

Update features in README for Smart Agri-Suite
Replaced climate-resilient trade recommendations with stock prediction feature.

README.md, after:

# 🌾Smart-Agri-Suite - Final Year Research Project<br/>

This cross-platform mobile application empowers farmers with intelligent, real-time insights to support smarter agricultural decision-making. Designed with usability, localization, and offline capability in mind, the app delivers:<br/>

📈 Live Crop Price Tracking – Stay updated with dynamic market prices.<br/>
🔮 Demand Forecasting – Anticipate crop demand trends using predictive analytics.<br/>
🗣️ Customer Voice Intention Analysis – Enhance negotiation outcomes during land sales calls through voice-based sentiment prediction.<br/>
📊 Stock Prediction - Automatically predict upcoming spice demand/sales and alert warehouse or shop owners to restock before shortages or overstock happen.<br/>
🛰️ Idle Land Detection - Detect idle lands/manual listing of lands and lease lands for a better income for residences 

<br/>Built as part of our final year research initiative, Smart Agri-Suite aims to bridge the gap between data science and rural accessibility—bringing powerful tools to the hands of farmers through an intuitive interface.

start backend:
uvicorn main:app --reload --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000

start frontend:
npx expo start -c
